[[Qomic]], [[Oogway]], [[Tertloc]], [[Ragnir]], and [[Zarag]] meet at a crossroads nearby [[Turinum]].

### Turinum
Some shit happens, there's some orange animals, we recover [[The Eye of Arborea]], which was stolen by [Beiro Nainodel](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Beiro Nainodel>), [[Ragnir]] leaves the party, and [[Eekee]] joins. [[Qix Nishiiri]] tells us to keep it, and not take [The Eye](<The Eye of Arborea>) to [[The Feywild]]. [[Eekee]] kills some members of [[The Sons of Fire]]. [[Zarag]] finds a vase that he needs to bring to [[Bambaladd]]. 

### Gietberg
Following [Beiro](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Beiro Nainodel>)'s Letter, The Party went to [[Gietberg]]. We're summoned by [[Qix Nishiiri]], and she asks us to kill a Hag in exchange for information, including the identity of [Askann Moonpetal](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Askann Moonpetal>). We do some things, [[Eekee]] gets bullied by some orphans, visit the [Helder House](<Gietberg#Helder House>). [the guy wants his boy](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Gietberg Architect>). The Party entered the [[Gietberg]] branch of the [[Cult of The Imprisoned]], encounter [the Emergency Armorer](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Emergency Armorer>), and then eventually fight and kill [Askann Moonpetal](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Askann Moonpetal>) and [Raili](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Raili>) write a lengthy message on the wall using their blood, enjoyed a [Wedding](<Gietberg#Lesbian Dwarven Wedding>).

### Bakel and The Fire Plane
The gang heads  to the [[Fire Plane]] to meet [[Bambaladd]], stopping at [[Bakel]], taken by the Officiant of the [Wedding](<Gietberg#Lesbian Dwarven Wedding>). Our first step was meeting [[Rampa]], then killed two Red Dragon Wyrmlings, and ventured to [Bambaladd's Palace](<Fire Plane#Bambaladd's Palace>). [Kaz](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Kaz>) attacks us. [[Zarag]] has a bunch of freaky-deaky dream shit, and gets [Churro](<Zarag#Churro>). [[Bambaladd]] spits us back out at [[Bakel]], per our request.

### Bakel and Bengelo
Returning to [[Bakel]], it's under attack from a Hill Giant. We fight, throw a barrel of Alcohol that had been in The Fire Plane, then blow it up with Firebolt and briefly invent guns. Off to [[Bengelo]] we go. [[Qomic]] steals [Sendris'](<Bengelo#Sendris>) Ring of Swimming. [[Tertloc]] encounters people who know about [his cult](<Cult of the Iron Hand>), and also a scroll salesman and learns the idea. [[Eekee]] meets the clerics of Null, begins the trials, and [[Qomic]] fucking dies.

### Time Skip
[[Eekee]] chooses to stay in [[Bengelo]]. [[Zarag]] and [[Tertloc]] start a scroll business.

### The Golden Hunt
[[Brellim Gendranos]] put on a manhunt event in the [The Scarlet Forest](<Aramoor#The Scarlet Forest>). [[Zarag]] and [[Tertloc]] choose to attend, [[Aegwynn]] is invited, and [[Skr'bakk]] shows up while on the run from [[The Land Pirates]]. The four are placed into a party together and tasked to be the first the retrieve a construct, [Kali Skyro](<Brellim Gendranos#Kali Skyro>), a fugitive from [Gendranos](<Brellim Gendranos>). During the hunt, the Scary Ink Monster attempts to drag us away, but is stopped by a self-aware Illusory Red Dragon. [[The Land Pirates]] show up and attempt to kill [[Skr'bakk]]. The Gang finds Kali, traps her, and creates [[The Log Gambit]] Upon criticizing [Gendranos](<Brellim Gendranos>) for slavery, he dunks on us and puts us in jail on a boat.

### Booooooooooooat
The Party wakes up in jail on a boat. Other jail members consist of: 
* Two dwarves that were dead of Alcohol Poisoning
* Tymis (soon to be Tip of the Spear)
* [Jordan](Acting%20Captain%20Jordan.md Captain Jordan>) the Werewolf (soon to be Tip of the Trident, not yet Acting Captain)
* A guy who's a Weretiger
* [Kaz](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Kaz>)
The gang stages a prison escape, Tymis is designated Tip of the Spear to lead the charge through the singular door into a room heavily defended by Guard Drakes, promptly getting downed. [[Tertloc]] does a sick fireball that hits like 10 guys, but also kills Tymis. **RIP to a legend.** We get to the top of the boat, negotiate with the Captain of the Boat (who is an Oni), he flew away, but while he was flying we shot him down and he fell into the Ocean, presumably dying. The Boat is being helmed by [[The Navigator]], who will not change the course of the boat, which we learn is set for [[Trivanale]], although we learn that we can negotiate with the Navigator at Dawn and he will take us elsewhere. We exchange information with The Navigator.

### Trivanale
We arrive at [[Trivanale]] and somehow bail being captured as soon as the ship docks. The Party heads to [the Governor's Mansion](<Trivanale#Governer's Mansion>) in an attempt to take refuge until Dawn. They offer refuge in exchange for clearing one of the rooms to make the Mansion safer. The room we needed to clear harbored a Spirit Naga that was guarding another door and warned us to not open that door. We kill the Naga, [[Skr'bakk]] takes its head and stores it within his Portable Hole, and then we open the door it was guarding.

### Oops.
We enter a circular room with a large Glaive embedded in a rock. There's a bubble of shadow that moves around as we approach it, which we break by essentially pinching it with two of us and a wall. It reveals [[Raja]], at a limited functionality. He's barely able to speak and move, until he looks into the Glaive and restores himself. He asks about who the king is, and vaguely explains he wants good leadership. As we leave [[Aegwynn]] looks into the Glaive, (against Raja's advice) and begins to buffer.

### Leaving Trivanale
In the morning, we speak to [Moric](<Trivanale#Moric>), who thanks us for our work (and does not know who Raja is), and leave [[Aegwynn]] in the care of [Mork](<Trivanale#Mork>) and we return to the boat. The boat is heavily guarded, and [[Raja]] absolutely fucking solos them all. [[Mearg]] is talking to [[The Navigator]] and watching in horror. He chooses to join The Party, and we set sail to [[Bizanga]], the city nearest to the last known place of [[Kerrilesh]].

### Bizanga
After reaching [[Bizanga]], [[The Navigator]] informs us of a library that may have information regarding [[Kerrilesh]], however the book with this information has been seized by the Guard. The gang visits [Saw Con](<Bizanga#Saw Con>). The Party goes to speak with the Governor of Bizanga to attempt to retrieve this book, however he is very ill. [[Raja]] does not like the idea of leadership being anything but "optimal", and immediately attempts to kill the governor. [Oops, our bad guys.](<The Story So Far#Oops.>) We attempt to save the Governor, [[Raja]] creates a massive earthquake, damaging the Governor's Complex. We miraculously escape, and [[Qix Nishiiri]] shows up, pissed, and helps us escape to [[The Feywild]].

### The Seelie Court
Arriving in the Feywild places us in the middle of a forest, and a Faerie named [Madeline](Seelie%20Court.md#Madeline Court#Madeline>) takes us to a [[Seelie Court]] outpost camp led by [Commander Hizora](Seelie%20Court.md#Commander%20Hizora Court#Commander Hizora>). Hizora informs us that they will not help us defeat [[Raja]] until he poses a direct threat to [[The Feywild]]. The Faeries give us access to a Sending Stone, which we use to send several messages.
* Hey Oogway, it's Tertloc. Hope you're doing okay, heard you were kidnapped. We'll try and help ya out. Maybe have to stop a god first.
	* "Tertloc. Having magical time in new culture. Cultured, but homely ladies. Wish sexier, less cultured ladies. Come bring ladies to cultured party. Oogway the Well-Endowed"
* Hey Bort, it's Tertloc. We need your help urgently, might have let a demigod loose. Are you real by the way? Raja will end unionization.
	* The response was the [El Jefe's One Shot](<One Shots#El Jefes>)
* Rampa, I'd like to place an order for a dozen cupcakes. Also, hoping you're staying toasty in the fire plain.
While sending these messages, The Party attempted to message [the Emergency Armorer](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Emergency Armorer>), we discovered we could connect to [the Emergency Requisition System](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Emergency Requisition System>), which we attempted to use to phish the cult using [[Skr'bakk]]'s Kenku Mimcry. We got in touch with:
* [Lyr Kolinn](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Lyr Kolinn>)
* [Yedrigald, Angel of Keys](<Cult of the Imprisoned#Yedrigald, Angel of Keys>)
After calling Yedrigald, Angel of Keys, he showed up in person to intimidate us, and [[Skr'bakk]] attempted to use new voice lines from Yedrigald to access his account in the Emergency Requisition System. As the party did this, [The Imprisoned One](<Cult of the Imprisoned#The Imprisoned One (Laureyan)>) himself called us to intimidate us, and we sent the following message to [[Raja]].
* Hi Raja - Cult of The Imprisoned One, named Laureyan, is after you. Large very strong organization. They're a mutual enemy of ours.
The Party decided to leave The Seelie Court and head towards [[Mount Celestia]].

### Journey to Mount Celestia
Madeline guides us to [The Purple Cloud](<Mount Celestia#The Purple Cloud>), which [[Skr'bakk]] tries to eat twice. In order to remove the floaty effects, the gang travels through [The Green Spider](<Mount Celestia#The Green Spider>) to get to [The Orange Pond](<Mount Celestia#The Orange Pond>). [[Skr'bakk]] drinks from the pond and is cured. Zura chastises [[Skr'bakk]] for drinking, then takes us across the pond to [The Confederacy of Free Iguanas](<Mount Celestia#The Confederacy of Free Iguanas>).

### The Confederacy of Free Iguanas
The gang arrives at The Confederacy, exchanges pleasantries, and are required to wear stupid shoes. They're taken to Old Leonard, the leader of the Confederacy, and plead their case to him to help against [[Raja]]. Leonard requires us to enter The Pit to prove our strength, which is a large six foot hole that serves as an arena. In The Pit, we fight Leonard the Younger, who proves to be a monstrous hybrid Iguana. Leonard the Younger is defeated by [[Tertloc]] who flies onto his back and repeatedly presses fire onto him. Old Leonard considers us medium strong, and assigns Yotto to observe our journeys. The Party asks Old Leonard if he has a suggestion on where to go for powerful allies, and he suggests Mount Celestia. The Party assumes that Old Leonard was in fact a god, and grills him on this fact through a series of hypotheticals about a fictitious entity named Cleonard. The party leaves and heads to [Bailesithe](<The Feywild#Bailesithe>).

### Bailesithe
The Party arrives at Bailesithe and goes to the Gatehouse, a major planar travel hub, but the Gatehouse is currently broken. Elara, the steward, recruits us for a mission to repair the gate. The portal is being held open by someone in [[The Abyssal Carcerum]]. [[Laine]] finds us in the Carcerum and takes us to [Mother Dusk](<The Abyssal Carcerum#Mother Dusk>). Mother Dusk gives us weird ball-like (but tasty) cookies, and explains where we are, and where the portal is being opened from. She also gives us a Gloomroot to plant in [The Veiled Hollow](<The Feywild#The Veiled Hollow>) in exchange for magical items. The party goes and destroys the portal trap, meeting Trevor the Nelavet along the way, return to the Gatehouse, and leave to Mount Celestia.

### Is Mount Celestia a Place or an Instruction?
The party arrives to Celestia and goes to the Grand Temple, each party member prays to various gods, and [[Skr'bakk]] leaps out of the window going on a fun planar journey. [[Mearg]] prays to [[Urush]], criticizing [[Sharoh]] and calling him a failed king. [[Sharoh]] shows up and is pissed at [[Mearg]]. The Party is summoned by the Seat of the Gods, and are asked a few questions. It is clear that the gods are split on how to handle [[Raja]], with [[Sharoh]] largely leading obstruction. [[Adolan]] spares [[Mearg]] from any punishment for blaspheming [[Sharoh]], and the Party is sent away. An Angel is discretely sent to the party and suggests that Mount Celestia may not be helpful in the quest to defeat [[Raja]]. The party goes to the Mount Celestia Training Grounds, where we encounter [The Gate](<Mount Celestia#The Gate>). The gang fights a stone golem with fancy hands, then goes to talk more with The Gate, eventually deciding to try and blow up The Gate as a major showing of strength. We go to see Customs Officer Caelium, who requests we find the Centaur Weaponsmith Cello - if we can find him, we will be allowed to take "whatever we would like, within reason" into [[Mount Celestia]]. The Party goes to [[Arcadia]] to attempt to find Cello.

### Arcadia
Immediately entering Arcadia we are greeted by [The Great Stampede](<Arcaide#The Great Stampede>), who direct us to [Cavernkeep](<Arcadia#Cavernkeep>). On the way to the city, we encounter a Sphinx who gives us Legend Lore regarding [[Raja]]. We arrive at Cavernkeep, and upon entering the city [[Mearg]] has a vision from [[Urush]] telling him there is conflict in the city that [[Mearg]] should "look into it". We learn that the King has recently passed oppressive laws, and investigating this leads us to Decnir, one of the commanders of the Temple of [[Urush]] in Cavernkeep. He informs us that his brother, Ixos, is the ~~Lord Protector~~ Chancellor (second in command to the king). Decnir tells us he needs information about why the King is acting strangely, and what the magic is that the King is so concerned about. The party starts to figure out how to enter the palace. [[Laine]]and [[Zarag]] respectively take tours of the palace to get as much information as they can, and [[Skr'bakk]] uses Clairvoyance to discover a side entrance from the sewers that [[Zarag]], [[Mearg]] and [[Laine]] uses to enter. [[Skr'bakk]] stays back and develops a gambling addiction. The Palace Party infiltrate the palace and kidnap Gulrigg, a Wizard in service of Ixos, they take the wizard back to Decnir, relay to the commanders what they've learned, and prepare seal the temple to prepare for a siege. As they are preparing to defend, they interrogate Gulrigg. Ixos shows up and meets [[Mearg]] at the door (using an Arcane Window) and the two talk shit. Ixos gives a warning: anyone who wants to leave has an hour to get amnesty from the king, and in two hours, the temple will be rubble. [[Mearg]] gives a sick motivational speech, and looks for Gauntlets of Ogre Power, and finds someone who has the item and offers to loan the Gauntlets in exchange for passage out of the temple (without surrendering himself to the government.) Mearg finds a wizard, Halinor, with a Scroll of Passwall, who helps the other person escape. [[Tertloc]] learns that Halinor is another former member of the [[Cult of the Iron Hand]], the two have flashbacks of each other, and resolve to discuss their past at a more opportune time. [[Zarag]] uses Churro to see a battering ram being prepared outside, and then goes to check on Gulgrigg. The party is jumped by creatures on the ceiling.